=======================================
A Trip to The Head Shrink by Snarfy
=======================================


The crisp autumn afternoon air was bracing but inviting. It stirred mixed 
feelings of nostalgia in Jonathan as he stood outside of the modest 
house-come-office before him. He looked at the stenciled title on the porch door 
window that declared, in baroque, gold-trimmed lettering, this to be the 
professional residence of Kate K Zuckerbrusten, Ph. D Psychology. He took a deep 
breath, adjusted the strap of his messenger bag, and reached for the knob.
There was a waiting room of sorts with upholstered chairs and a magazine-laden 
endtable arranged outside of a breakfast nook that had been converted into a 
break room and coffee area without much alteration. There was abundant color in 
the decorations, but they seemed muted and pastel, salmon playing a large role 
in the scheme, perhaps to soothe aggressive patients. Or maybe it just seemed 
that way to Jonathan, who found the scene oddly crystalizing and just a little 
bit sad, and not just because there was nobody in any of the chairs.
In fact, there was nobody in the room at all and he wondered if he was supposed 
to knock or if he had come on the wrong day or at the wrong time. Things like 
that had been happening to him all the time lately, days of the week changing on 
him and intentions misunderstood due to poor communication. Some days even the 
words he tried to string together changed on him as they left his tongue and he 
would barely even notice, or maybe he didn't even notice and everything he'd 
ever said had failed to transmit his true meaning and he only believed, 
foolishly, that anyone around him could understand him or relate to him at all. 
He felt so frustrated at his lack of awareness sometimes, for years now he had 
been so... distracted...

The sound of a throat clearing politely broke the reverie. He realized he had 
been staring, blankly, out the window, daydreaming with open eyes. 
Jonathan jolted slightly and realized that, outside the window, directly in his 
view, he could see two dogs in the neighboring yard fucking. He blushed as he 
turned around, hoping she couldn't see the tableau outside and thus wouldn't 
think him some kind of pervert.

But once he turned around he felt the vague sensation of blood rushing out of 
his brain and into his dick, and he hoped it was an autonomic reaction to the 
sight of the fair doctor.

Kate was gorgeous. clad casually but professionally in a sleeveless dress with 
buttons down the front that looked out of another time period, yet still seemed 
somehow appropriate and suited her figure incredibly. Her hair was bound up 
lazily but sexily, with strands escaping to frame her face, and and unassuming 
string of pearls adorned her decolletage, at which Jonathan tried not to stare 
as he felt himself getting a little excited.
Damn it, man! Keep it together, he told himself.

"You must be Mr Dreibel?"

*More of a dry spell than you could possibly know*, he thought

"Uh, yes. Nice to meet you, Kate." Jonathan tried to smile pleasantly as he 
advanced across the room to shake hands. She couldn't have possibly seen out the 
window, he thought, so as long as I don't act nervous and my palms aren't too sweaty, I don't 
fumble my words too much, and she doesn't notice any tenting in my lap region, 
we might be doing ok...

He felt a figurative spark when their hands touched, and his cock surged again 
against the fabric of his underwear, threatening full-hardon status. This isn't 
good, he thought hopelessly, at least I'm wearing boxer briefs or, best case 
scenario, she'd be making jokes about a roll of quarters in my pocket right 
about now.

"You can step on into the office and have a seat. Can I get you anything like 
water, coffee, or tea?"

"Oh, no thank you, I'm good." Jonathan settled into a comfortable leather chair.

"Are you sure? I was about to make some water for tea myself." Said Kate, and she 
poured water from a ewer into an electric kettle and set it to boil. She 
rummaged around in a low desk drawer, selecting tea from a personal collection. 
Jonathan surreptitiously admired her rear end as she was turned away from him, 
the fabric of her dress falling around the curves of her buttocks and into 
the enticing crevice between her thighs. Then he pinched his leg as hard as he 
could and tried to think about anything else.

Kate smiled to herself as she took a little took long to choose her brew. This 
boy was cute. A little rough around the edges for sure, slightly scruffy and not 
too well dressed, but tall and fit and a little bit wild in the eyes. She thought
she could see a suppressed vitaliity hidden in those eyes. There was also a 
hint of sorrow, but that's what she was here for. She chose a cinnamon flavored 
tea and returned to the desk to pour it into a tea ball.

"Well," she said, "I'll make a pot and there will be plenty if you change your 
mind. Now, since this is your first time here, why don't you tell me a little 
about yourself. What brings you in?"

"Ahh," he began. "I've... just been worried about myself lately. I'm getting 
older, and I can't tell..."

Kate found herself drifting off very quickly. It was late at the end of a long 
day, and she found her thoughts unexpectedly straying. She caught herself 
looking at his hands and returned her attention to his words. Wait, what was he 
talking about?

"... and I just feel crazy and it's the only thing I seem to be able to do 
anymore that provides me with any kind of sense of value."
Oh shit, she thought, she was distracted and slightly horny, and she'd missed a key 
element of his story while thinking about rough hands on her tits. Before she 
could respond, though, he reached for his bag and pulled out a notebook.

"Look, I brought examples. I didn't know if it could be, like, helpful or 
revealing. Maybe it's like having a dream journal or something. I dunno."

Okay, she thought, he has some creative process that he's using as an outlet and 
a coping mechanism. Back on track.

"Oh yes, well that sounds very reasonable. Read some of it to me."

He blinked and looked at her with surprise.

"Alright," he said. "Here is the first one I wrote. It's called Flight of the 
Bumblebee

Flight of the Bumblebee
========================

::

  little flower, i come to thee
  for your sweet nectar, longingly
  tracing your curves with subtlety
  as gently as a bumblebee

  your gentle flower, come to me
  and shudder in the humid breeze,
  my breath against you hungrily
  your fragrance always such a tease.

  the gentle folds so velvet smooth,
  pink petals that i deftly spread
  and slide my tongue into the groove
  to drink from you, i bow my head

  to relish in my fruitful task
  with pressing need i use my lips
  and with both hands urgently grasp
  the yielding flesh of rosy hips

The electric kettle started to make gurgling noises and a small amount of steam 
started to escape lazily out of its spout. The doctor crossed her legs in her 
chair.

"So... You've been writing... erotic poetry?" She had clearly missed a key element of 
his story...

"Yes. I don't even know how it started, but I've been doing it almost 
obsessively. Everything else in my life seems confusing and uncertain, like it's 
happening to someone else. Even this... I don't know how it began. I started a 
journal one day to gather my thoughts and this just came bursting forth. Before 
I knew it I had filled pages, and, while I couldn't really understand where it 
was coming from, it at least felt significant like nothing else in my life does 
at this time.” He unclasped his hands and gave a shrug. He looked at the floor 
so as to not look at her. She pretended to look out the window distractedly to give 
him the opportunity.

“Well. I'm glad you brought them in. This kind of thing can be.. very telling.
Can I hear another example?”

“Of course. I have hundreds of these.” Jonathan flipped the page of his notebook 
obligingly. He didn't know what was happening, but he already felt better. Maybe 
it was cathartic release, maybe it was the smoking-hot and highly educated woman 
sitting across from him, but he felt like he was already getting his money's 
worth. A tiny kernel of a thought started to take form in the back of his mind, 
but he couldn't quite put his finger on it or entertain it yet. He was glad the 
poetry hadn't put her off. It seemed quite the opposite, in fact... was she 
prompting him somewhat eagerly to read another.

“Uhm.. this one is called Inappropriate Urges”

Inappropriate Urges
======================

::

  There's a switch somewhere hidden deep and dark
  down inside my brain that makes me want to be
  your lover when you turn away from me and
  I can see the the silhouetted curve of your
  breasts and follow it all the way down to your
  hips, the way I wish I could trace it with my
  hands until caresses becoming grasping, and
  teasing becomes urgency, need and
  pleasure screams along the spectrum from
  warm breezy kisses to sweaty friction, the
  smell and texture of lust saturating the air, more
  fuel for desperate lunging towards ecstasy.
  Why have you flipped this switch for me?
  Always inappropriately, anonymously womanly,
  on the bus, in the supermarket or library.
  If you only knew well enough to see if we got
  together, how hot it would be,
  probably.

The electric kettle was whistling at full pitch now, but neither of them seemed 
to notice until he had finished speaking for a few seconds and Kate's attention 
snapped back into focus. Flustered, she got up, turned the kettle off, and made 
tea, turning away from her patient so he couldn't see her 
face. She was almost sure she was blushing. She spoke as she fixed tea, taking 
longer than absolutely necessary to do so.

“Well, I must admit. You sound like a bit of a lady-killer.”

Jonathan laughed quickly and genuinely. He was feeling much better.

“No. That's just it. I haven't gotten laid in years and years. I'm starting to 
wonder if I ever will again. To be honest, I think I've almost gotten used to 
it.”

“You've gotten used to it... but your life still seems lifeless and dull?” Kate 
left the tea to steep and sat back down, regianing some of her professional 
composure. “And the only thing that brings you joy is writing these stories? 
Honestly, it should be obvious to anyone what you're missing, much less a 
professional.” She unbuttoned the top button of her dress, almost 
unconsciously...

Jonathan swallowed hard. The world around him seemed to be crystalizing, filling 
with color, and slowing down. Could this really be happening?

“You're saying you have a diagnosis already?”

Kate stood up from her chair. *What am I doing?* She thought to herself. This was 
incredibly unprofessional, but there was something about this man, something 
that had set her loins on absolute fire. She could see very clearly what she 
wanted and that she had only to reach out and take it, and, really, she would be 
doing everyone a favor...

“Yes,” she said, crossing the short space between them until she was looking him 
directly in the eyes, “it is my professional opinion that you need to get 
**laid**.”

She placed one hand on his thigh and ran it slowly towards his crotch as she 
unzipped his pants with the other hand. His cock was already hard and outlined 
perfectly against his pant leg. Somehow, they had both seem this coming for 
minutes now. With a minor adjustment, she pulled it out of its fabric prison, 
grasped it firmly about the base, and after one adoring glace into his eyes, 
bowed her head over his lap and took the engorged member into her mouth.

He bucked a little involuntarily, pushing his cock to the back of her throat, as 
more pleasure than he had experienced in half a decade exploded through his 
brain. She backed off slightly, sucking the underside of his glans for a second 
before again pulling down on the base and sliding her lips down the shaft, the 
sensation like a hot ring of pleasure descending slowly.

It took a minute for his eyes to roll out of the back of his head, but when he 
looked down he almost came at the sight of this beautiful woman relishing every 
inch of his hard dick. He brushed the hair from the right side of her face and 
held it gently against the back of her head, letting himself enjoy the feeling 
of her hair through his fingers. He watched her withdraw her head again, her 
cheeks sucked in, watched her give the head special attention before 
teasingly taking her mouth off entirely and running her tongue down the full 
length of the underside of his manhood.

He rolled his head back against the chair and closed his eyes, enjoying the 
variations of unbelievable sensation before realizing that he was incredibly 
sensitive after years of unintentional celibacy. In fact, he was almost amazed 
that he hadn't already... oh no...

He tried to relax but realized that it was too late. The only thing to do was 
get her attention, in case she couldn't already feel the pressure building up, 
feel his cock growing even harder and more insistent...

She pushed her hand down on his thigh harder and looked up at him with a knowing 
smile, then pressed her mouth down on his erect cock even more animatedly. He 
had only enough time to pitifully utter a strained “I...” before he was spasming 
wildly as she clung down on hit, coming in her mouth with repeated spurting jets 
of hot semen. For an eternity in 30 seconds, Jonathan could see nothing but red 
and white as he bucked his hips and every muscle in his body clenched. Sweat 
started to form at his temples as he took several deep breaths to try and 
compose himself.

He could not. This woman's sensuality, her smell, and her amazing body had 
removed all of his inhibitions, all of his cares, and, indeed, everything 
outside of this moment.

He stood up with her, pulling gently at the handful of hair in his right hand. 
With his left hand he unbuttoned the rest of her dress and she let it fall to 
the floor. Under her dress, she wore neither bra nor underwear, and he ragarded 
her gorgeous naked form in full before he pulled her in and pressed her lips to 
his lips, her breasts to his chest, and the tip of his still erect cock between 
her legs, brushing against the top of her hooded clit. He kissed her 
passionately but lightly, as one who wants both to hastily proceed and stay 
right where he is with equal desperation.

Gingerly, he cupped her left breast with his hand and delighted in her gasp. He 
felt the weight and curve of it, moving a thumb up towards the nipple to caress 
it into erection. He moved his other hand to the other breast, echoing his 
movements. He massaged both of her breasts, reveling in their smoothness and 
sensitivity. Kate let out small moans as he pinched and flicked the nipples 
lightly.

The mere feeling of holding her tits in his hands was driving Jonathan wild, and 
his erection hadn't flagged even for a second after his orgasm. He wasn't 
surprised at all, filled with red hot lust as he was. He wanted this woman more 
then he had wanted anything before, and he wanted to make her come in 
tsunami-like waves. He wanted to take her higher than she had ever been.
Kate turned away from him, pressing her ass to his hips and positioning his cock 
between her thighs as he continued to lovingly fondle her bosom. She moved her 
hips back and forth, rubbing against his shaft. She couldn't believe how wet she 
was, how easily she could move her cunt along the length of his cock, and how 
fucking amazing it felt. It was also a pleasant surprise to discover that he 
seemed to know what he was doing, despite his supposed years of celibacy. He had 
just enough restraint but plenty of visible desire; an urgent need to please and be please.
He seemed to know exactly how much pressure 
to apply to her nipples, when to caress them, when to rub them and when to 
squeeze them for just long enough. The cock gliding between her thighs with a 
hot, wet friction was the perfect size and shape, and it was presently curving 
up into her pussy from behind, parting the lips and rubbing her clit as she shifted.

He kissed her neck and ran his hands over her body as they stood, tangled together,
rocking gently as the waves of pleasure increased. Knowing he still wouldn't 
last very long, and filled with a desire he could not fully comprehend, Jonathan
instinctively changed tracks and suggestively positioned her on her elbows and 
knees on a nearby office couch.

Kate braced herself for penetration, but instead Jonathan buried his face 
between her ass cheeks and proceeded to run his tongue up and down her labia, 
sucking the lips gently and happily. Pussy juices and spit ran down his chin as 
he worked around her clit, tracing the mound before sucking it into his mouth 
and running his tongue into the slit. With a tongue that seemed almost 
impossibly long, he fucked her with his mouth, hungrily enjoying the taste of 
her womanhood and the feeling of soft, blood-filled ladybits on his lips.

Caught somewhat by surprise, Kate found this form of cunnilingual penetration 
very satisfying. She sagged her back slightly to push herself towards him. His
hungry sounds and obvious delight, coupled with 
the sensation of his lips rubbing against her clit as he fucked her with his 
mouth drove her over the edge. She came, shuddering and pushing her cunt into 
Jonathan's face as shock and ecstasy took over. As she came, he suffocated 
in delight at her obvious pleasure. As she drew herself away to turn 
over, he gave her wet mound a loving parting kiss.

She had a slight look of disbelief on her face when she looked back at him. He 
raised his head and wiped his face off with a sleeve. As if she really had to, 
with a tone that contained only a hint of pleading, she said the magic words.
“Fuck me.”

Eating her out had only excited him further, and Jonathan now had an erection of 
legendary proportion. His clothes were off with miraculous speed, and he stood 
before her naked, hardon aching and raging erect. Reaching down, he knelt one knee 
on the couch and pulled one of the couch pillows under her ass, supporting her 
back and pulling her towards him with his other hand.
Positioned as he was, cock in hand, pointing towards her swollen, wet cunt as 
she looked back at him lustily, hands on her own tits, Jonathan was again aware 
of how clear everything seemed to be today. Everything seemed to have been
leading to this moment. What was about to happen had never felt more right.
Best psychiatrist ever.

Kate arched her back and urged her ass towards him as he pushed his cock into 
her slowly but insistently. She was wet beyond belief, and they could both feel 
every inch, every milimeter, as he slowly plunged his veiny, glistening member 
in between her pussy lips, deeper and deeper into her aching vagina. When he 
could go no further he stopped to savor the sensation and again regard his 
lover's  beauty. With a faster movement he pulled his cock out and 
then, again, slowly pushed it back in, still unable to believe how amazing it 
felt.

For his part, Jonathan couldn't believe this was happening. The woman he was 
with, propped up on pillows on the couch, gorgeous tits heaving hypnotically as 
they fucked, was out-of-this-world sexy, and he could feel how badly she wanted 
him. He could sense the wanton lust in her hips pushing down onto his lap, 
driving his rod in and out of her with increasing desperation.

Kate was similarly nonplussed. She couldn't remember she'd been with anyone who 
so obviously wanted to enjoy and please her and all of her sensitive parts. It 
was sexy and very gratifying, and it didn't hurt that he used his penis with 
what appeared to be a detailed working knowledge of the more secretive parts of 
the female anatomy...

As if reading her mind, he squeezed her left ass cheek and used the grip to take 
more control over the angle of penetration, running his rigid dick up and down, 
over and over across her g-spot. They increased cadence, feeling each other's 
movements, watching one another's flexing bodies animated with primal desire. 
Kate's enjoyment ratcheted up to 11, and she closed her eyes as if to funnel the 
sensations her body was experiencing. It felt like she was having an orgasm, but 
it wasn't subsiding like it usually did. Instead, a new and exciting pressure 
seemed to be building on top of her orgasm, and she latched onto it as she 
clamped down on Jonathan's pistoning member with a muscular control previously 
unknown to her.

When she came it was like never before. Fluid gushed out of her pussy, flowing 
over the hard cock still inside her and trickling warmly down her asscrack, and 
she continued to grind herself on the hard shaft massaging her g spot, surfing 
the curl of an incredible pleasure wave as far as she could.

The additional grip of her spasming pussy and the spectacle of her incredible 
orgasm sent a telltale urge through Jonathan's balls and into the base of his 
cock. He took a few more longing thrusts before pulling it out and shooting 
ribbons of semen onto Kate's pale belly as he stroked the very last bit of jizz 
out and breathed heavy sighs of pleasure and relief.

Panting heavily and covered in sweat and the gamut of other bodily fuilds, Kate 
and Jonathan looked at each other through a haze of post-coital bliss. They both 
felt much better than they had before, and, despite both of their expectations, 
there were no feelings of guilt, shame, or impropriety. Something about what had 
just happened was right. Perhaps all of it. Perhaps none of it, and this was all 
biology and hormones and sexy bodies. All he knew was that, for now, his 
debilitating case of celibacy was over.

Smiling broadly, Jonathan used his shirt to wipe the excess semen off Kate, who 
was still too bewildered and satisfied to be bothered to move. He gave her a 
couple tender kisses and stood up, walked nakedly over to the desk, and poured 
two mugs of tea.

The End.
